# CS-340-7-3-Portfolio-Prep
1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Maintainable code is characterized by several key attributes that make it easy to understand, modify, and extend over time. Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module modufy, and extend over time. Quickly comprehend its functionality, simpler to identify areas that require modification or optimization. From Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. Use clear and concise variable names and comments. 
2. What were the advantages of working in this way? Easy to understand, avoid complex conditional ststements and nested logic. Break down large functions into smaller, more manageablr ones, use whitespace effectively to improve code readability.How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
3. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? When coding as a computer scientist, the approach to a problem involves a systematic process that includes understanding the problem, formulating an algorithm, and implementing the solution. Understand the problem, analyze the given examples, break down the problem, plan the approach, implement the solution, and test and debug.
4. Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. I approached it in the same manner as a computer science would.
5. How did your approach to this project differ they plan the project;s timeline, design the project's architecture, and choose the teck stack.from previous assignments in other courses? I used the same techniques.
6. What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests? To create databases, the strategies to use data partitioning, replication, sharding, self healing databases, and AL driven workload forecasting.
7. What do computer scientists do when creating a project? First they degine the project's aim and target and audience, then they identify critical functionalities, plan the project's timeline, design the project's architecture, choose the tech stack, break down tasks, and allocate resources.
8. How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? By providing a user-friendly, intuitive interface that reduces user errors and training time. By implementing a full stack development approach, the project would ensure needs of the company, such as tracking, searching, and rescuing animals.
